rubymotion.github.com
=====================

rubymotion documentation project

## How to Contribute

This repo is the product of generating the `build` branch using [StrangeCase][],
and then pushing the result to the `master` branch.

1. Clone this repo

        git clone git@github.com:rubymotion/rubymotion.github.com

   You will be in the `build` branch, which is where you will edit the templates
   and such.

2. Install `StrangeCase` using `pip`:

        pip install strangecase

3. Clone again, specifying the master branch, into the public/ folder.  When you
   commit and push this folder, your changes will be made live, and this is also
   the folder that is served using the `scase --serve` command.  If you run a
   webserver locally, it is faster to point it to this folder than to use the
   built-in `serve` command.

        git clone -b master git@github.com:rubymotion/rubymotion.github.com public

   The downside is that we have this "two branch" system, whereas using jekyll
   you can just have one branch, and site is generated by github.  But if you
   want to work locally, you need to install jekyll, so you end up pretty much
   the same either way.

3. Run `StrangeCase`

        scase --watch

   The files will be generated in the `public/` folder within the
   rubymotion.github.com project folder.  Run a server in that folder, or use
   the StrangeCase built-in `serve` command (which you run from the *project*
   folder, not the public/ folder).  In another tab or terminal window, `cd` to
   rubymotion.github.com/ and run:

        scase --serve

5. Make changes, commit to `build`, push, and create a pull request.  Someone
   will pull, generate the site again locally, and then push to `master` so that
   the site is visible to the world.

## Todo

I would like to make this process easier!  Way too many steps.  A Rakefile with
these tasks would be super great.

## Why StrangeCase?

Because [I (colinta)][colinta] am creating these documents, and I created
[StrangeCase][]!  But the irony of using a python project to generate
documentation that is aimed at rubyists is not lost on me.  I would prefer to be
using jekyll.  Please fork and make us a jekyll version.  I promise it will get
merged in.


[StrangeCase]: https://github.com/colinta/StrangeCase
[colinta]: https://github.com/colinta
